README.md, before:

# Infrastructure
The infrastructure that runs the mindtastic backend

## Terraform cloud

Running Terraform in a team presents some challenges like shared-state and credential management. We therefore connected this repository to [Terraform Cloud](https://app.terraform.io/app). Sensitive data like API keys and credentials are stored there and referenced via variables in our code. Additionally we get the opportunity to manage multiple states, apply them individually, and roll back to earlier versions in case our code breaks something.

Creating a pull request in this repository will trigger a speculative planning feature of Terraform Cloud, hence a plan for the code in the pull request will be generated. This is equivalent to run `terraform plan` on your local machine.

The actual execution of the plan must be started manually in the Terraform Cloud user interface. If you do not have access, please contact the infrastructure team.

## Setup

### Requirements

    brew install --cask google-cloud-sdk
    brew install terraform

## To run

First, authenticate with Google Cloud

    terraform init
    terraform plan
    terraform destroy

## To test

Exchange variable "google_container_cluster"

Commit message:

Chore: Add setup instructions (#27)
* Add setup instructions

* Add terraform access information

Co-authored-by: Johannes Gräger <jgraeger@posteo.de>

README.md, after:

# Infrastructure
The infrastructure that runs the mindtastic backend.

## Terraform cloud

Running Terraform in a team presents some challenges like shared-state and credential management. We therefore connected this repository to [Terraform Cloud](https://app.terraform.io/app). Sensitive data like API keys and credentials are stored there and referenced via variables in our code. Additionally we get the opportunity to manage multiple states, apply them individually, and roll back to earlier versions in case our code breaks something.

Creating a pull request in this repository will trigger a speculative planning feature of Terraform Cloud, hence a plan for the code in the pull request will be generated. This is equivalent to run `terraform plan` on your local machine.

The actual execution of the plan must be started manually in the Terraform Cloud user interface. If you do not have access, please contact the infrastructure team.

## Setup

### Requirements

    brew install --cask google-cloud-sdk
    brew install terraform
    brew install kubectl
    brew install teleport

### Before developing

After installing the requirements, go to teleport.mindtastic.lol and login with GitHub.

Click on Kubernetes > "live-mindtastic" > connect and follow the instructions:

    tsh login --proxy=teleport.mindtastic.lol:443 teleport.mindtastic.lol
    tsh kube login live-mindtastic
    kubectl get pods

## To run

First, authenticate with Google Cloud.

    gcloud auth application-default login

Running this command obtains credentials that are applied to all GCP API calls using the Application Default Credentials library, which terraform does too.

    terraform init    # downloads provider
    terraform plan    # creates execution plan
    terraform apply   # executing API calls, etc.
    terraform destroy # destroys infrastructure


For access to Terraform Cloud, speak to someone from the infrastructure team.

## To test

Exchange variable "google_container_cluster"
